/* Guys! let's remember, fairytails are better when they are gruesome, are they? They were in ye olden times*/

Once upon a time there was a very nice family and they went on a lot of adventures.
For instance, they went on an adventure with a boat. It was a very nice pirateship they once stole from Blackbeard. They even took the parrot!  
One day they were guided by a whale to a far far away island.
The whale preferred the sea over beach, but got stranded anyways.

So the family was left in the island with no food and no shelter, because they already ate everything, even the parrot. 
The island had pure white beaches, covered in palm trees and beach chairs. The chair were made from recyclable plastic.
Unfortunately there was nobody there to recycle to the plastic, so it just lay there spoiling the otherwise mediocre splendor of the beach.

There were some people there, so we went to meet them
This land had the strangest inhabitants called stnatibahni backwardssdrawkcab Stnatibahni are weird pink elephant people.
the stnatibanhni had the greatest desire to live in a destopia.
While in fact they were living in the most astonishing land you had ever seen.
This is the story how they made their dream come true.
<<<<<<< HEAD
This land had the strangest inhabitants called Stnatibahni who prefered to use fruit to build their homes.
Stnatibahni are weird pink elephant people.
Yes indeed.

On the island lived also some funky disco-roller-rabbits, with big floppy ears that went from their left foot to their right ear. 

Their dream was always to be a great family of an island. 

Which were mostly large sharpened sticks, as they still hadn't figured out how to work with stone and metal.

Because the best way to make new friends is through superior firepower.

And then the nightmare began...


The weapons were mostly large sharpened sticks, as they still hadn't figured out how to work with stone and metal.

The smallest kid, however, found the secret weaponary Blackbeard had made for himself. It was full of sharp knifes,axes and swords. 

But at this point, a wried guy show up, he doesn't look like the local elephant people on this island. He does not have big floppy ears, pink elephant nose...

The smallest kid, however, found the secret weaponary Blackbeard had made for himself. It was full of sharp knifes,axes and swords. They were all rusty because nobody cared about maintenance of weaponry and they got infected
by cutting themselves by accident. they didn't look for cures.

